Document Config for Usage Behind Reverse Proxy (#1025)
medizininformatik-initiative/fts-next: docs/configuration/webflux.md

# WebFlux <Badge type="tip" text="Trust Center Agent" /> <Badge type="warning" text="Since 5.0" />

## Configuration Example
```

>  spring:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spring:
```

>    # Set this if there is a path in the agent's URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Prefix for all API routes (useful if the agent is served under a subpath)
```

   webflux.base-path: /fts
```

## Fields

### `spring.webflux.base-path` <Badge type="warning" text="Since 5.0" />
* **Description**: Specifies the base path of the URL. Necessary for link construction.
* **Type**: String
* **Default**: `/`

> 

Reviewer: Can we add an example here?

#### Example

If your agent is hosted at `https://example.org/fts`, set:

```yaml
spring:
  webflux.base-path: /fts
```

Without this, generated links (e.g., redirects, paging) may incorrectly point to `/` instead
of `/fts`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Notes

```

* **Reverse Proxy**:

>   * If the agent has a path in its URL setting `spring.webflux.base-path` is necessary for the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the agent is accessed under a path, setting `spring.webflux.base-path` is necessary for the 
```

    correct construction of links.

>   * 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
